no explanation for file identifier given (#1272)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Fal/UsingFal/ExamplesFileFolder.rst

A file can be retrieved using its uid:

> .. code-block:: php

Reviewer: If you do this, you **must** use `::`` (double colon) in the paragraph before the code block. Otherwise it will not be detected as such but as a quote instead.

See "shorthand" here: https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/docs-how-to-document/master/en-us/WritingReST/Codeblocks.html

   [[storage uid]:]<file identifier>

The return value is

.. code-block:: none

   File|ProcessedFile|null

> The storage uid is optional. If it is not specified, the default storage 0 will be assumed for the beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The storage uid is optional. If it is not specified, the default storage 0 will be used.
```

"for the beginning" is rather Denglish. ;-)

Author: However this is not true. The storage 0 will not be used in some cases. See the following text.

Author: modified into "at the beginning"

Reviewer: Then I'd suggest "initially".

The default storage is virtual with :php:`$uid === 0` in its class :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Resource\ResourceStorage`. In this case the local filesystem is checked for the given file. 

> The file identifier is the local path and filename relative to the TYPO3 fileadmin folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file identifier is the local path and filename relative to the TYPO3 :file:`fileadmin/` folder.
```

> Example: `/templates/stylesheets/fonts.css`, if the file `/server-path/mydomain/fileadmin/templates/stylesheets/fonts.css` exists on the file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: `/templates/stylesheets/fonts.css`, if the file `.../fileadmin/templates/stylesheets/fonts.css` exists on the file system.
```

Author: This is problematic, because it does not make clear that this is an absolute path and not a relative one.

Reviewer: Indeed, I see your point. Then I'd suggest `/absolute/path/to/fileadmin/...`.

> The file is found at the default storage, if it exists under the given local path below fileadmin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file can be accessed from the default storage, if it exists under the given local path in :file:`fileadmin/`.
```

> Otherwise the file is not found at the default storage. In this case a search for another storage best fitting to this local path will be started. Afterwards the file identifier is adapted accordingly inside of TYPO3 to match the new storage's base path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the file is not found, a search for another storage best fitting to this local path will be started. Afterwards the file identifier is adapted accordingly inside of TYPO3 to match the new storage's base path.
```

This example adds a new file in the root folder of the default
storage::

> .. code-block:: php

Reviewer: This should not be necessary since the default (see `Includes.rst.txt`) already configure PHP highlighting.

Author: I have now removed all lines with 

    code-block:: php
